Documentation and playbook for writable snapshot (#105)
dell/ansible-powerscale: docs/modules/writable_snapshots.rst

.. _writable_snapshots_module:

writable_snapshots -- Manage writable snapshots on PowerScale
=============================================================

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 1

Synopsis
--------

You can perform the following operations.

Managing snapshots on PowerScale.

Create a writable snapshot.

Delete a writable snapshot.

Requirements
------------
The below requirements are needed on the host that executes this module.

- A Dell PowerScale Storage system.
- Ansible-core 2.15 or later.
- Python 3.10, 3.11 or 3.12.

Parameters
----------

  writable_snapshots (False, list, None)
    List of writable snapshots details.

    state (optional, str, present)
      The state of the writable snapshot to create or delete.

      \ :emphasis:`state`\  is \ :literal:`present`\  - To create a writable snapshot.

      \ :emphasis:`state`\  is \ :literal:`absent`\  - To delete the writable snapshot.

    dst_path (True, path, None)
      The /ifs of the writable snapshot.

>       The destination path should be non-existing path and it's absolute path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The destination path should be non-existing path and it is absolute path.
```
